bye
you
here you chew what's up okay so I've had
the nokia 900 for about two months now
today we're going to look at the bad
points and the good points and was it
worth the money and basically just do a
short review in this lovely handset no
this device is powered by the AR m
cortex a8 600 megahertz I also has 32
gigs of on-board storage memory that is
more than enough for the average person
to store movies or music anything that
they would like to also has an
additional memory card slot for micro SD
should you wish to purchase more memory
also the ROM one is 256 mb but using
virtual memory it goes up to but one
cake so that is really great for
multitasking and that is one of the
highlights of this device that the
multitasking feature you could have as
many applications opened up as you like
and it does not like there's not slow it
down or nothing it's properly fine we'll
get the top we have the power button we
have the volume up and down she can also
be used for the camera zoom in and zoom
out as well you have the camera button
did as well same as their other nokia
phones were that you were here just hold
there and it focuses then i'll give you
a little demonstration on that as well
you have your speaker here and you have
another speak another side as well so
you have two speakers which is great for
listening to music or when you're
watching any video clips you have a slow
slider there which locks the screen and
well if you push that again turn the
back one as well so it's really good you
can also use a top button as well to
lock the screens press it can do
so all in all it's pretty good and
underneath the slider you have your
audio and video out and hook up to the
TV which is pretty cool you also have a
stylist just below it which is
discreetly hidden and placed nicely into
the just like out slides out there which
is pretty good it's actually much better
than the nokia n97 stylist at the bro
which is like a little block but this is
quite cool other side you have your USB
charger or USB connector so you can
connect it to the pc or just connect it
to your wall charger and not the lastly
but not least you have the keyboard full
qwerty keyboard which i think is amazing
when you can use the keyboard on screen
for textin or your web browsing or you
can use as keyboard is this option is up
to you whichever takes your fancy why is
really good the feel of it is like it's
really nice doesn't mean it's not hard
it's not too soft it's just about right
I mean I know they're having some
reviews or people have been complaining
about the room yeah they probably could
have increased a little bit of the room
up there I could leave with them and
that but then again I mean it's not a
big thing to moan about I mean everyone
is going to have its own ups and downs I
mean nobody can get everything pure
exactly perfect we also have the back
stand should you wish to just have a
leaning back watch a film pretty cool
the only thing is you can't use the
keyboard at same time it's kind of
wobbly a little bit you know I mean it
would be okay just to use it as a touch
screen if you just want to click about
but as if you want to use a keyboard on
that too wobbly
the operating system that Nokia have
used on this device as the mimo 5 which
is linux-based it's very new and this
very different to 10 key I've done with
any other handset the bra I mean there
are other nokia tablets have had miami
four and three and what have you but
those were just basically internet
tablets and what they've done in this
one is divided their feature of Ashley
making calls and texts and all you know
making it more of our hands that can a
device so chances are more people would
buy it